{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## \uc0\u55358 \u56830  ACI Lab Requirements Questionnaire (Reorganized for AI Contextual Intake)\
\
**Purpose:** This document is used to help ACI's AI agent collect clear, structured input from prospective or current customers. It provides context and guidance to the AI agent in human-readable language, enabling accurate recommendations and lab design proposals.\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  0. Customer Profile\
\
1. **Organization Name:**\
\
   ---\
\
2. **Primary Contact Name & Email:**\
\
   ---\
\
3. **Who is this lab being built for?**\
   \uc0\u9745  University / College\
   \uc0\u9745  Technical or Trade School\
   \uc0\u9745  Non-Profit Organization\
   \uc0\u9745  Government Agency\
   \uc0\u9745  Private Business / Corporation\
   \uc0\u9745  Independent Instructor / Consultant\
   \uc0\u9745  Individual Learner / Certification Prep\
   \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
4. **Briefly describe your organization\'92s mission or educational goal for this lab:**\
\
   ---\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  1. Lab Overview\
\
5. **What is the title of the lab?**\
   *e.g., Network+, CEH, A+ Support, Linux Fundamentals*\
\
6. **Briefly describe the purpose or learning objective of the lab:**\
   *Short description or learning outcome.*\
\
7. **How many labs will you need for this lab series?**\
   *Most lab series consist of 10\'9620 labs. Please provide your estimate.*\
\
8. **Estimated total number of virtual systems across all labs:**\
\
   ---\
\
9. **How many nodes (virtual machines) per lab?**\
   \uc0\u9745  Stand-Alone\
   \uc0\u9745  2 Nodes\
   \uc0\u9745  3 Nodes\
   \uc0\u9745  5 Nodes\
   \uc0\u9745  10+ Nodes\
   \uc0\u9745  Other (please specify): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
10. **What is the typical duration of lab access for each student?**\
    \uc0\u9745  3 Months (Half-Semester)\
    \uc0\u9745  6 Months (Full Semester)\
    \uc0\u9745  1 Year\
    \uc0\u9745  2 Years\
    \uc0\u9745  Unlimited\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
11. **How long should each lab session last?**\
    \uc0\u9745  1 Hour\
    \uc0\u9745  2 Hours\
    \uc0\u9745  3 Hours\
    \uc0\u9745  4 Hours\
    \uc0\u9745  6 Hours\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_
    \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
12. **What is the intended complexity of the lab?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Beginner\
    \uc0\u9745  Intermediate\
    \uc0\u9745  Advanced\
    \uc0\u9745  Customized (describe): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
13. **Should the lab be persistent (retain changes between sessions)?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No (default: non-persistent with instant clones)\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
14. **Do you require any specialized infrastructure for these labs?**\
    *Examples: database backends, authentication services (OAuth), server administration stacks, etc.*\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes (please describe): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  2. Network Design\
\
15. **How many network subnets are needed within each lab?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Flat (single network)\
    \uc0\u9745  1 Subnet\
    \uc0\u9745  2 Subnets\
    \uc0\u9745  3+ Subnets\
    \uc0\u9745  Custom (describe): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
16. **Do students need internet access within the lab?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
17. **Do you require any specialized networking in this lab?**\
    \uc0\u9745  VLANs\
    \uc0\u9745  PPTP or VPN Access\
    \uc0\u9745  RDP Access\
    \uc0\u9745  Firewall Configuration\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
18. **Is this a Server/Client or Peer-to-Peer network design?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Server/Client\
    \uc0\u9745  Peer-to-Peer\
    \uc0\u9745  Hybrid or Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
19. **Is Active Directory required in this lab?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
20. **Are any specific network services required on these systems (if networked)?**\
    \uc0\u9745  File Shares (e.g., SMB/NFS)\
    \uc0\u9745  SSH Access\
    \uc0\u9745  Web Servers (e.g., Apache, Nginx, IIS)\
    \uc0\u9745  Databases (e.g., MySQL, MSSQL, PostgreSQL)\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  3. System & Software Requirements\
\
21. **Which operating systems should be used in this lab?**\
    *Check all that apply. You may specify versions or variants where applicable.*\
\
... \\[OS LIST OMITTED FOR BREVITY] ...\
\
**For each selected operating system, please indicate the quantity needed and whether it should:**\
\uc0\u9745  Be preconfigured from a template\
\uc0\u9745  Be installed from scratch via ISO\
\
*Example: Windows 10 \'96 5 systems \'96 installed from ISO*\
\
---\
\
22. **How much CPU compute is required per system?**\
    \uc0\u9745  1\
    \uc0\u9745  2\
    \uc0\u9745  4\
    \uc0\u9745  8\
    \uc0\u9745  16\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
23. **How much RAM is required per system?**\
    \uc0\u9745  2 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  4 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  6 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  8 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  16 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
24. **How much hard drive space is needed per system?**\
    \uc0\u9745  5 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  10 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  20 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  40 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  100 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  200 GB\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
25. **How many hard drive partitions do you require, and what sizes should they be?**\
    *Example: 1x 100 GB (OS), 1x 50 GB (Data)*\
\
---\
\
26. **What types of virtual networking equipment are needed?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Firewall\
    \uc0\u9745  Gateway\
    \uc0\u9745  Switch\
    \uc0\u9745  Hub\
    \uc0\u9745  Other: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
27. **Do any systems need to boot from an ISO?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Don\'92t Know\
    *If yes, how many systems and what type of ISO?*\
    Answer: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
28. **Do you require any software preinstalled on lab systems?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes (list below)\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    *List software:* \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
**Do any of these software titles require licenses?**\
\uc0\u9745  Yes \'97 we will provide the licenses\
\uc0\u9745  Yes \'97 ACI will need to provide licenses\
\uc0\u9745  No\
\uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
**Do you have specific versions of the software required for these labs, or is ACI expected to acquire them?**\
\uc0\u9745  We will provide exact versions\
\uc0\u9745  ACI will need to acquire them\
\uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
29. **Are any specialized licensed or open-source applications required?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes (please list): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
\
30. **ACI supports nested virtualization but generally discourages its use due to performance and complexity. It may be required for tools such as GNS3, EVE-NG, or layer 2 simulation. Do you require nested virtualization?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes (please describe use case): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  4. Content & Instructional Design\
\
31. **Will ACI create the instructional content?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
32. **Will you be providing any instructional content for the labs?**\
    *This may include lab guides, slides, assessments, or reference materials.*\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
**If yes, how would you like this content to be delivered to the students?**\
\uc0\u9745  Inside the virtual systems (e.g., placed on the desktop or in a local folder)\
\uc0\u9745  In the lab instruction pane (left side of the lab interface)\
\uc0\u9745  Both\
\uc0\u9745  Other / Please specify: \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
33. **Do you require any specialized IT skills or roles to create these labs?**\
    *Examples: programming, AI/ML, forensics, database administration, information assurance.*\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes (please describe): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
\
34. **Will a Subject Matter Expert (SME) be provided by the customer?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
35. **Do you require a SME from ACI?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
36. **Does this lab need LTI (Learning Tools Interoperability) integration with an LMS?**\
    \uc0\u9745  Yes\
    \uc0\u9745  No\
    \uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
**If yes, do you have an existing LMS for integration or will you be using ACI's platform?**\
\uc0\u9745  We have our own LMS (please specify): \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\uc0\u9745  We would like to use ACI's LMS\
\uc0\u9745  Not Sure\
\
---\
\
### \uc0\u55357 \u56633  5. Final Details\
\
37. **When is the lab environment needed by?**\
    *Target delivery date:* \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\
\
38. **Are there any specific deliverables expected?**\
    *e.g., Student Guide, Instructor Manual, VM Snapshots, Assessments*\
\
---\
\
39. **Are there any other special requirements not yet mentioned?**\
\
---\
\
40. **Is there anything else you would like to communicate with ACI Learning regarding this request?**\
\
---\
\
---\
}